Hi Hunter,

In 2020, our latest client was listed as an Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing Private Company, NFI Industries. Family founded in 1932, NFI is one of the largest and oldest privately owned 3PLs in North America. With over 13,000 employees and 350 locations in operation throughout North America. Most recently recognized as a Top Company for Women to Work for in Transportation for 2020 for the second consecutive year, NFI remains committed to fostering a diverse workplace across the organization.

NFI is looking for talented individuals to join their Risk Management Trainee Program which is based out of Camden, NJ

The Risk Management, Safety and Security Trainee will work within the Enterprise Risk Management (E.R.M.) team – Risk Management, Safety and Security - and will support business operations under the direction of the Director of FP&A. You will:

Assist in the development and management of regular reports, both scheduled and ad hoc requests related to on claims, safety, risk and security compliance
Develop and assist in the management of a document control process for all departmental policies, procedures and training documents
Interact with key stakeholders across the organization and our internal customers
Maintain actionable reporting Support optimization initiatives and projects that are focused on driving process improvements and risk reduction; e.g. standardized safe workplace practices, education and training, and periodic reviews of system performance
Assist field leadership with compliance requirements and industry best practices for Safety, Risk, and Security for existing locations and acquisitions
Collect information about incidents and work closely with the team to capture appropriate data to complete root-cause analysis and provide recommendations to improve existing processes
Partner with other areas of Operations Support to manage customer communications, training gaps, real-time updates and quick-hit process improvement opportunities
Support the design and delivery of reporting and KPIs to understand trends, financial impacts, training, and documentation needs
Family. Integrity. Safety. Customers. Teamwork. Social Responsibility.
