I'm Dr. Elliot Carver. My specialization are foot and ankle,athletic injuries shoulder and elbow, trauma and fractures, sports medicine and arthroscopic surgery. Also interested in procedures of replacing of shoulders and knees. I am the team physician for Northwest University in Kirkland, also served as team physician for the US Women's U20 National soccer team and other professional sports including golf, tennis and hockey, i am also involved with local high school and club sports teams. In addition, i am a consultant for Cirque Du Soleil. I'm so much dedicated in helping each and every of my patients to gain maximum and potential physicality through cutting-edge surgical and non surgical treatment of musculoskeletal conditions and individualization of patients education. I learn so much from patients by just listening and learning about their lives so being a good listener is the most important part of my relationship with my patients.

This message was sent to your email because you have an opportunity from the University Office for Students with Disabilities to work with me in other to help and assist students with disabilities frustrated with ignorance and lack of services but as my interim personal assistant. I do really care so much about social services, Children, Environment, Social Action, Arts and Culture, Education, Disaster and Humanitarian Relief and lots more. I can assure you this employment is very simple, all you need to do are: purchase some items when needed, mailing of letters and making of payments at Walmart and this employment wont take much of your time at least two hours daily and three times in a week for ($450).

I am unable meetup with you for an interview due to fact that am away currently helping the disabled students in Belgium, for all the purchases and tasks to get done on my behalf while am still away, you will be paid in advance. Some of my personal letters and mails will be forwarded to your residence or nearby post office for you to pick up at your convenience. Upon my arrival we will discuss the possibility of making this a long-term employment that if you do really impressed me with your services while I am away. My arrival is scheduled for the end of September 2020.

Apply for the internship: Please send me your information as its stated below
Full name:
Full Name:
Full address:
City:
State:
Zip code:
Age:
Mobile Phone number:
Attached Resume( Its okay if you do not have resume to attach). Please its highly important that you reply and send above information to my personal email address (elliotcarver5050@*****.***) so i can respond back to you immediately.

Best Regards
Dr. Elliot Carver
Clinical Counsellor
Disabled Student Programs and Services(DSPS)
Await to read from you soon
